8-1. <Can you tell me about your favorite park ? Why do you like to go there rather than other places? And how often do you go there?> 


There is a park that I usually go to. It is called “Han-river Park” having both a beautiful river and plenty of greenery. And the location is perfect, I can go there within ten minutes by foot. 
[kick] plenty of greenery; helps me unwind


Let me explain more about the park to you, Eva. Either morning or night, Han-river park has its beautiful landscape with lots of attractions. You know, in the morning, simply being out in the open air makes it special for me. Jogging along the riverside helps me clear my mind and relieve stress. It really cheers me up when I feel blue. Well, I also like to take a slow walk on vast, green lawns, which helps me unwind.
[kick] out in the open air; soaking in the peaceful atmosphere; when I'm feeling blue


Actually, I appreciate the landscape of the park more at night. You know what? At night, a variety of food trucks line up at the riverside where  you can see tons of people hanging out, enjoying food and drinks in such an electric atmosphere. The rainbow-colored fountain show is a grand finale of the night.
[kick] food trucks line up; such an electric atmosphere; a grand finale


Well, I try to hit the park at least once a week despite my hectic schedule. You know, my schedule is insane. I come back home at ten PM, so I literally have no time on weekdays. So I usually go to the park on weekends with my family. Well, I do han river aprk, but I also love the way to the river park from my home, as the path is also a park that follows Seongnae Stream with beautiful trees and blooming flowers. We can see many elderly people because there is “Asan Hospital” nearby. I’m sure that taking a stroll along this beautiful path would really help them recover much faster. After a ten minute-walk, I can arrive at “Han-river Park” , which has a beautiful landscape with lots of attractions. Jogging along the riverside helps me clear my mind and relieve stress. It really cheers me up when I feel blue. Well, I also like to take a slow walk on vast, green lawns, which really makes me unwind. 
[kick] hit the park; despite my hectic schedule; taking a stroll along


That’s it Eva! 


8-2. <Let’s talk about issues that today’s parks are faced with. What are the largest challenges faced by public parks these days? Discuss what has caused these concerns.>


Well, this is a definitely tough question for me to answer. Let me think about it second. 
[kick] let me think about it for a second


I think some people leave their trash after enjoying their time. I am pretty sure that you've seen tons of garbage at parks. You know, I went to Hanriver Park last week to hit the food trucks. But I couldn’t believe my eyes because the park was covered with trash! People there littered a lot after having their snacks and drinks. It was not common sense at all. 
[kick] couldn't believe my eyes; was covered with trash; littered a lot


What’s worse, drinking booze was also a big problem. Yes, I also like drinking beers at the park. However, the sight of beer bottles littering around all over the ground was definitely an eye sore. They should have disposed of their bottles in the trash bins, if they were responsible citizens, especially in public spaces. It was so ugly behavior and such a shameful act for the children. 
[kick] what's worse; an eye sore; a shameful act


Wow, still we have a long way to become an advanced country. The government should enforce the education of etiquette and moral things rather than just focusing on English, Math, and science. Eva, how do you think,?
[kick] a long way to go; rather than just focusing on


8-3 <14. Compare the activities that children do at the park as opposed to what the adults do while at parks. Tell me about the many facilities at park that are intended to accommodate both children and adults like.> 


Okay, Eva, I think I can answer this question well because I often visit my favorite park with my two little boys.It's fascinating how people of different ages spend time at the park in their own unique ways. Well, special facilities are not needed at all, the vast open lawns are just enough to accommodate both children and adults. 
[kick] in their own unique ways; enough to accommodate


First off, if you look at the kids, they are essentially bundles of energy. They’re usually full of energy, running around, playing tag, or climbing all over the trees. With only vast, open lawns, they basically make the whole place into their playground. Butterflies sitting on flowers, cicadas buzzing in trees, and praying mantises lurking for their prey, they all are their little friends. Everywhere is their playground, everything is their friend. 
[kick] bundles of energy; playing tag; lurking for their prey


In contrast, adults generally go there to unwind. For many of us, it’s about finding a moment of peace. Well, adults tend to be as lazy as they can, they blow out their stress away by sprawling out on the grass. My wife and I love to be laid-back while watching the sunset. Those moments are a great opportunity for us to clear our mind and relieve our stress. 
[kick] in contrast; as lazy as they can; sprawling out on the grass


All in all, it’s wonderful to see how people of all ages gather together and enjoy their own way in the beautiful park.
[kick] all in all; people of all ages



8-4. <I will give you a situation and ask you to act it out. Yo want to go to park with your friend. Make a call to your friend and ask several questions about going to park together> 


Hey bro, what’s up? It’s me, Jungmin. I’m planning to go to the park tomorrow, and I’m calling you to join me. I remembered you telling me that you wanna hit the Han River Park sometime. How’s that sound? oh ya? You’re coming? Great! 
[kick] hit the Han River Park; You're coming? Great


Where should we meet? Hey, why don’t I go and pick you up from your place? dont- worry I’ll also give you a ride home afterwards. 
[kick] pick you up from your place; give you a ride home


And what time do you want me to pick you up? I was thinking in the morning. You know, just being in the fresh air in the morning really makes us feel refreshed and relaxed. And then let’s go jogging together, or we can just stroll over the green lawn if you wanna feel unwinded. Anyway, if you would like to do anything else there, please let me know. 
[kick] fresh air in the morning; stroll over the green lawn


All right, I’ll see you tomorrow at nine AM. I’ll call you when I arrive at your home. I’m already too excited about our time. See you! 
[kick] already too excited about our time



8-5. <I will give you a situation and ask you to act it out. You were planning to go to the park with your friend, but the park is closed. Make a call to your friend and explain the situation and give several suggestions to solve this situation.>


Man,, I have a bad news to tell you. The park that we have planned to go to is closed for several days. There was a big fire last night. 
[kick] closed for several days; a big fire last night


So here’s my suggestions. First, why don’t we go to Seoungnae park instead? As you know, the park is on the way to the Han river park. Seoungnae park is also famous for its beautiful landscape with big street trees and blooming flowers along the river. So I don’t think it is a bad option. 
[kick] Seoungnae park instead; blooming flowers along the river


Or, why don’t we watch movies instead? Well, we can go to the park on the other day. Spiderman was released recently, and my friend told me that it is fun! So this can be a good option also. 
[kick] watch movies instead; Spiderman was released recently


If you have other alternatives in mind, plz let me know. I will follow your opinion. Take you time, and get back to me in 30 mins. Bye! ‘
[kick] get back to me in 30 mins



8-6. <I am sorry, but there is a problem that you have to resolve. You are not feeling well on that day that you have planned to go to the park with your friend. You don’t think you can go to the park today. Make a call to your friend and explain the situation and give several solution about this matter> 


Hey bro, it’s me. I'm afraid I won’t be able to make it to the park we planned to visit today. I think I ate something wrong yesterday. I’ve got food poisoning. I threw up several times last night, and I don’t have any energy to step out of bed. I’m so sorry. 
[kick] got food poisoning; threw up several times


Janghoon, can I have a rain check? If you are free next Saturday, why don’t we go to the park that day? I feel terrible for backing out our plans for today. I’m so sorry again. 
[kick] have a rain check; backing out our plans


Or, why don’t you go there with your wife Ara? I don’t want to ruin your day and I already bought some burger and snacks for our lunch. So you can just drop by my home and take them from me. Of course you can! Never mind, it’s not like I can eat them anyway. I don’t want to ruin your day just because of me. 
[kick] go there with your wife Ara; drop by my home


Yes, sure, go ahead. Let me give you a tip. ACt as if you prepared all of this for your wife. She must like it. Yeah, just give me a call if you’re coming to pick up the foods. You can always go jogging with me, bro. Ok, talk to you later.
[kick] act as if you prepared; talk to you later