(General) 도입부에서 여유롭고, 자유롭게, kick point를 앞에다가 넣어야함. 
You know, well, what else.., anyway whatever  앞뒤로 쳐도 되고, 초장부터 써야 뒤에서도 무의식적으로 씀.




Movie goer, Movie buff, I gota a lot to tell you. Enjoy ABC to the fullwith with~ 
up-to-date technology 


1-1. <Tell me about your pattern of watching movies> - 흰색 14
Ok, I’m gonna tell you about my patterns of watching movies. 


As you know, I am really busy all the time so I have no choice but to watch movies on weekends. Unfortunately, the weekend is not solely my time because I have my two sons to take care of. In this sense, watching movies is one of the best ways to spend time with them. 
[kick] have no choice but to; not solely my time


Our favorite theater is the multiplex “World tower” which is just a ten-minute walk away. As the theater is located in the Lotte-world tower complex, there are lots of things to enjoy before and after watching movies. 
[kick] a ten-minute walk away


I have my routines to do before watching movies, so let me share it with you. Visiting popular trendy pop-ups is an essential course before watching movies.  First, we need to scramble to add our slot to the waiting list and then head over to the Lexus cafe to wait for our turn. Well, don’t be embarrassed even though you get the waiting number two thousand! It only takes time to have a cup of coffee. Oh, visiting the concession stand before getting into the auditorium is essential.
[kick] scramble to add our slot; the waiting number two thousand; the concession stand


After the movie, we usually starve to have lunch. My appetite is Italians, but my young boys have no choice but to have Korean meals. We often visit “House of Korean”, where the kids menu is well served at a reasonable price.  
[kick] we usually starve; at a reasonable price


These are all about my pattern of watching movies and the activities before and after watching movies. I really wish I could fully enjoy a movie all on my own. Well, I imagine my future watching the movie “pororo and friends” this weekend. 
[kick] all on my own


1-2. <You indicated in the survey that you like to watching movies. Tell me about your favorite movie theater. Where is it located and why do you like to go there? If you have any special reasons for going there, please tell me.> - 보라 181


Alright, my favorite theater?  My top-pick is “World tower” because it’s inside a shopping mall near my house. Thia ten-minute walk away theater made me a movie buff. Let me give you two reasons why I really like the theater. 
[kick] my top-pick; made me a movie buff


First, we have a lot of things to do near the theater. It is not to mention that there are a bunch of shops, restaurants, and trendy pop-ups in the mall, but the real things are outside the mall. Having a cup of coffee in a five-star hotel with a lake view gives me a relaxing and comfortable time. After having a coffee, we can actively walk along the track surrounding the lake or just stroll over the lawn.
[kick] not to mention; a five-star hotel with a lake view; stroll over the lawn


I also love the fact the auditoriums are equipped with up-to-date technologies. I can enjoy the movies to the fullest with wide visual and sound quality. And what’s more, there is a family booth that our family can use privately. The booth is completely separated from other people so I feel assured even though my sons shout out loud. There is one more specialty in this theater which is called “Charlotte”. Only twenty people are allowed in a auditorium, so we can fully focus on the movie without being disturbed by others. 
[kick] up-to-date technologies; to the fullest; without being disturbed by others


Eva, I wonder about your favorite theater. What is your favorite?


1-3. <Tell me about your favorite actor or actress. Why do you like him? When did you watch his movie for the first time?>


My favorite actor!! I am a huge fan of Robert Downey Junior who played Tony Stark in the film iron mqn 1.  My father is a movie buff so he always watches movies at home. It was the furst time to watch the film fifteen years agon with my father, and since thenI have been completely hooked on him
[kick] a movie buff; completely hooked on him

There are two main reasons why I am such a big fan of Robert.
First, Robert brings out Tony’s every sentiment very well. He does give a life to the character so that I just feel like interacting with a real man. Robert completely understands and plays Tony’s personality, a little arrogance with wit, which wholly attracted me. 
[kick] brings out every sentiment; gives a life to the character; a little arrogance with wit


Second, I do love the character Tony, the fictional character but made after the real person, Elon musk. Every engineer must like Elon, and so do I. I admire him for his great talent and passion. He is indeed a dreamer but at the same time he realizes his dream. He is known for his great passion for his work, and the character Tony totally resembles him. 
[kick] and so do I; indeed a dreamer; totally resembles him


I’m pretty sad that I cannot see Robert in the Iron man series because Tony was dead in the movie, Avengers:Endgame. However, I heard a gossip that Tony can return to Ironman somehow. I am looking forward to seeing Robert the Iron-man again in the near future. 
o
[kick] looking forward to; in the near future
1-4. <Tell me about the memorable movie that you have ever watched. What is the story about and who were main actors. When did you watch it? With Whom did you watch it? After watching that movie, how did you feel. Please tell me all the things in detail.>


All right all right, I will tell you about the most memorable movie that I have ever watched. It is “Avengers Series”. I watched that movie about seven years ago, with my ex-girlfriend. You know it is a secret. 
[kick] it is a secret


As you know, Robert Downey played Iron-man, and Chris Evans played Captain America, who are the leading roles in the film. the story is about fighting against villains, overcoming conflict between the heroes. The two strong personalities fought each other all time throughout the film, so it was frustrating to see the heroes having a hard time. But, at the end, the heroes finally understood each other, and they defeated evils by coming together. The scene brought the phrase to me, “Unite we stand”
[kick] the leading roles; overcoming conflict; united we stand


The gorgeous AI in the film is also a killing point. The complete “agentic AI” exists everywhere in the film, which is still a far ideal to up-to-date AI technology. Frankly speaking, I think today’s engineers have referred to this movie to develop modern AI technology. The film depicted the future so well from A to Z, showing the blueprint of future AI 
[kick] a killing point; still a far ideal; the blueprint of


Eva, Avengers:Doomsday will be released this December. I’m so excited to see Avengers series again!


1-5. <Have you ever heard about any gossips about your favorte celebrities? If then what is it? Tell me all the things that you have heard in as detail as you can.> 


Oh, gossips about Robert? His life before Iron-man was so legendary. You can find tons of gossip about his drug-addicted life. 
[kick] so legendary; tons of gossip


After watching Iron-man, I wanted to know more about Robert so I searched him on google. It was quite a shock to hear that Robert had been addicted to drugs before he played Iron-man! It is the famous story that Robert wandered into a stranger’s home thinking it was his own and fell asleep under the drug. He ended up in jail over this incident. 
[kick] wandered into a stranger's home; thinking it was his own; ended up in jail


It is impressive to see how he quitted the drug. There is an interesting episode. One day, he had a bite of Burger, which was his favorite, but he couldn’t taste anything because of the drug. The drug messed up everything of Robert, even the taste! He was shocked, so he decided to quit drugs. He trash all the drugs from the time, and did regular exercise, meditation, and yoga. That decision made today’s Robert now. 
[kick] had a bite of; messed up everything; even the taste


As far as I know, celebrities are more vulnerable to drugs because they are lonely. I hope that anyone who struggles with drug addiction may overcome it and rebuild their life just like Robert did.
[kick] more vulnerable to; rebuild their life


1-6. <Compare the movies today to those that you saw while you were growing up. Discuss how movies have changed. Tell me about the similarities and differences between them> 


You know, I often watch old movies with my little two sons, so I’m realizing the changes of movies over time. Let me tell you about it. 
[kick] the changes of movies over time


Recently, my sons and I are watching a movie called “Frog and Toad” made in 1985. The movie was made by stop-motion animation, so-called clay animation, and I was deeply impressed to know how to make the movie. Can you believe that every scene is created using real clay figures or dolls, with 5 frames captured every second? I cannot imagine how labor-intensive it is! The labor did not end even in the era of Walt Disney, 1940’s. Directors should draw thousands of hand-drawn pictures to make a single movie. But you know, nowadays, making computer graphics is a super-easy task with the aid of AI technology. 
[kick] stop-motion animation; so-called clay animation; how labor-intensive it is




The method of watching movies also has been changed. When I was young, there is no way but to go to video rentals to watch movies at home. That was a point that the founder of Netflix though uncomfortable. Nowadays, OTT is very popular and I am also subscribing to a few platforms such as Netflix, amazon prime, apple tv and so on. However, it’s a pity that we cannot pick out tapes at a video rental anymore, leaving it to our memory. 
[kick] there is no way but to; it's a pity that; leaving it to our memory


Oh, I said only the differences of the movies. You know, I feel like I’m having a time-travel with my sons. I feel like I’m going back to my youth when I’m looking at my sons happily watching Frog and Toad or pocket monster animations, which were my favorites. It is the most similar thing between the old movies and recent movies that they both bring happiness to my family.
[kick] having a time-travel; going back to my youth


1-7. <Please tell me about your favorite movie genre. Have there been any changes in your preference of movie genres over the years ? If so, how has it changed? Please t ell me everything in detail> 


Well, currently, I like animation movies a lot. Like I mentioned before, I usually go to a movie theater with my two little boys, so we tend to watch children’s movies. You know, ‘pocket monster’ animation series were my most favorite when I was young, but now they are my sons’ favorite! Pikachu was my favorite, but now my sons are crazy about it. I still feel like I’m living thirty years ago although time has passed a lot! Time traveling! I think this is the real charm of family animation genre.   
[kick] crazy about it; time traveling; the real charm of


When I was teenager, I really enjoyed action movies as I aforementioned,  I did like Tony Stark in the “Iron-man Series”. I felt a thrill whenever the justice of hammer smashed evils, blowing my stress away. Especially, Iron-man series were not only just action movies, but also some sci-fi themes were combined together, and that was the point I really like the action movies. But these days, I’d rather enjoy animation movies with my family, feel relaxed and laugh things off. 
[kick] felt a thrill; smashed evils; blowing my stress away


This is my change in my preference over the years. What about you eva? Which genre is your favorite?
[kick] I'd rather; laugh things off