9-4. <Recycling Pattern>


Oh Eva, my recycling pattern? Let me tell you quickly.
[kick] no choice but to save everything up; tackle it all on the weekend

Weekdays are just insane for me, so I have no choice but to save everything up and tackle it all on the weekend. Mainly I recycle paper, plastic, cans, and glass bottles.
[kick] recycle paper; plastic; cans; and glass bottles

My apartment has four different color-coded containers down in the basement, and there's usually a staff who helps out whenever I've got bulky stuff like big boxes.
[kick] four different color-coded containers; a staff who helps out; bulky stuff like big boxes

Recycling is not rocket science, but it can be pretty bothersome. Still, every weekend, when I see that mountain of recyclables piled up at home, I can't just sit back and watch. Well, it's already my routine to go down to the basement floor carrying the recyclables.
Eva, how do you usually handle yours?
[kick] pretty bothersome; can't just sit back and watch; how do you usually handle yours



9-5. <Patterns Past vs Present>


Oh Eva, that's an interesting one. Recycling past vs present.
[kick] recycling past vs present

Honestly, I recycled just as diligently back in the day, but there wasn't much talk about environmental issues as now. These days, it's totally in the spotlight, you see garbage islands on the news, or an image of a turtle with a plastic straw stuck in its nose.
[kick] recycled just as diligently; wasn't much talk about environmental issues; garbage islands on the news

Because of that, companies have jumped on board too, bottled water now comes without labels, plastic straws are now replaced with paper straws, and you name it. And there's this new concept called upcycling, where old, thrown-away stuff actually gets a second life as something valuable.
[kick] bottled water now comes without labels; replaced with paper straws; this new concept called upcycling

So recycling is getting a bigger movement all over the world. What about in your country, Eva?
[kick] getting a bigger movement all over the world



9-6. <Recycling Tools>


Oh Eva, let me tell you about my recycling tools.
[kick] takes forever and it's exhausting

Sorting everything on the spot at the recycling area takes forever and it's exhausting. So instead, I gather my trash separately by category at home first. I actually bought four color-coded baskets so I can previously sort everything before heading to the basement. You know, it's such a huge time-saver Eva, you should try it.
[kick] gather my trash separately by category; four color-coded baskets; such a huge time-saver

And when I get to the recycling site, I always bring gloves and tongs with me. You'd be surprised how often there's broken glass mixed in, so for safety, gloves and tongs are essential. Otherwise, you might end up with an unfortunate cut!
[kick] always bring gloves and tongs; broken glass mixed in; an unfortunate cut

Eva, do you have any tools you use for sorting?
[kick] do you have any tools you use for sorting



9-7. <Experiences about difficulties>


Oh Eva, I actually just went through this recently.
[kick] just went through this recently

I moved to a new place, and one piece of furniture just wouldn't fit my room, as the room was packed with tons of furniture. So I had no choice but to get rid of it. It was a shame since I'd bought it not long before, but there was no other option.
[kick] wouldn't fit my room; had no choice but to get rid of it

Normally, you have to pay a disposal fee to throw out furniture. But these days, there are companies like Recycling City or Upcycling City that collect used furniture, so I gave them a call, and they took it away completely free of charge.
[kick] companies like Recycling City or Upcycling City; took it away completely free of charge

It didn't cost me a single penny, and it felt great thinking that it would get a second life instead of just becoming a waste.
Eva, have you ever had a similar experience?
[kick] get a second life instead of just becoming a waste