3-1. <Tell me about your responsibilities in your house. What kinds of housework do you usually do? Tell me about them in detail>


Let me think.. I live with my family and a housekeeper, so most of the household chores are cleaned-up by the housekeeper though,  there are some chores left that our families have to share. 
[kick] left to share


What I do most is washing dishes after each meal. Frankly speaking, the dish washer does it, not me. My wife always says that it is better to wash the dishes by hand, not by the machine. Well, I think I’m on the opposite side to my wife. I believe that the dishwasher is one of the best inventings that mankind has ever made. Open the door, put the dishes and detergents into the dishwasher, and press the start button! It really reduces the time to finish the dishwashing, liberating me from this tedious labor. 
[kick] frankly speaking; the dish washer does it not me; liberating me from this tedious labor


Another house chore on me is laundry. Our family is four, so a tremendous amount of laundry comes out every day. It may be harmful to our health if we wash the clothes and hang up the laundry every day. Well, I always have my plan. Eva, do you know that the brand-new laundry machine provides a full course from washing to drying? There is no need to pull out the washed clothes to dry! Just put a bunch of clothes to the machine, and put detergent and fabric softeners, and finally press the start button! It’s easy huh? 
[kick] a tremendous amount of; harmful to our health; a full course from washing to drying


Eva, my credo is to fully utilize the modern conveniences. Why don’t you check out Samsung store this weekend?
[kick] my credo; fully utilize the modern conveniences


3-2. <Tell me about your housework from the past. What did your parents expect you to do when you were young? How was your housework changed over the years?>


The changes in my house chores over the years? Let me think. My parents didn’t expect me to do much when I was young. Well, now, I got married and I have my two sons, things are bit changed from the past.
[kick] things are a bit changed


When I was young, I didn’t have to do anything special at home. The only thing I had to do was just clean up after myself and rearrange my toys after playing with them. Oh, and I also had to put my dishes into the sink after finishing my meal. I think my parents put more emphasis on doing my homework rather than doing household skills. 
[kick] clean up after myself; put more emphasis on


Now, I am a husband of my wife and father of my children. I feel sorry for my family because I'm always late on weekdays. That leads me to prepare breakfast for my family on Sunday morning. I know my sons' preferences well; they love fried eggs with ketchup on top. After breakfast, I always volunteer for dishwashing because with my dishwasher, there is nothing to fear. 
[kick] feel sorry for; ketchup on top; there is nothing to fear


This is how my household responsibilities have changed over the years. Eva, what about you? 




3-3. <Did you ever get in trouble for not fulfilling your household responsibilities as a child? When did it happen? What were you supposed to do? Please tell me about what happened and how it turned out in the end> 


Sure, sure, I have had that kind of experience before and I remember it as it it were yesterday. My older brother and I were playing with toys one day, and we were told to clean up after ourselves. But after a while, it totally slipped our mind and we got distracted by cartoons on TV. When our mom came and found us watching TV while our toys were still lying around the living room, she hit the ceiling. We were scolded, and we couldn’t have any sweets as a dessert that night, sadly. 
[kick] as if it were yesterday; totally slipped our mind; hit the ceiling


From that incident on, my brother and I cleaned after ourselves whenever we finished playing. Those habits have stuck with us ever since. Well, now I’m scolding my children for not cleaning after themselves, but they occasionally ignore my words and leave the toys lying around the living room. Well, perhaps my words totally slipped their minds just like I used to! 
[kick] stuck with us ever since; slipped their minds; just like I used to


That’s it eva! 

3-4. <★14. I would like to now talk about where you live. How has the style of homes changed over the past 5 years at where you live?  Are the homes being built today different from the homes built 10 years ago? What developments or changes have you noticed?> 5년 10년 숫자는 신경 안써도 됨.  커뮤니티, IOT. Gym. 


Ok, now my family is living in a brand-new apartment in Seoul built a year ago, but in the past, I lived with my parents on the outskirts of Seoul. Let me tell you the differences between them. 
[kick] on the outskirts of Seoul


When I was young, as I said right before, I lived in a freestanding house with my parents in the suburbs. We had a spacious backyard and our family took full advantage of this area for a barbeque party. You know, my mother loves gardening, so red roses were all blooming surrounding the garden in summer time. Yeah, I was also joyful to catch bugs in the yard like ants, dragon flies, praying mantis, with full of memories that I cherish.
[kick] a freestanding house; took full advantage of; with full of memories that I cherish


After I got married, my wife and I moved to Seoul and now I’m living in a brand-new apartment built a year ago. Though I lost my garden, the facilities in the apartment are super. We have a huge community center where we can freely use the swimming pool, restaurants and cafe. You know what, the whole apartment is connected to the internet! I really enjoy using all the smart home features. I can check the video feed from my front door camera, locate my car in the parking lot, and even call the elevator at home! I’m very satisfied with the IOT features, so I won’t return back to the freestanding house even though I don’t have my backyard. 
[kick] the video feed from my front door camera; locate my car in the parking lot; the IOT features


Eva, didn’t you say that you live in an apartment? How do you like you house? 


3-5. <★15. What are some major problems people have when they rent a home or an apartment? How do people deal with these issues? How do these things affect how or where people live?> 전세 개념은 이해하기 어려워서 쓰지말기.


The biggest problem that people face is probably regarding rent prices, especially if you work and live in a big city like Seoul. Although there are many apartments and houses, people complain that they don’t have a place to live because of the hiking prices. Simply put, over 10% of the entire population live in Seoul and there aren’t enough houses to fit all of them. To make matters worse, bank interest is soaring these days because of Iran War. So tenants tend to choose to live on the outskirts of Seoul because they can no longer afford the high mortgage interest.
[kick] hiking prices; simply put; to make matters worse


To solve this problem, the government is constructing more and more satellite cities outside of Seoul, hoping it would scatter the population but it hasn’t been so successful so far. The government also tries to replace the Yongsan Family Park with apartments to provide houses in Seoul, but many people are against the policy right now in that it may violate Seoul citizen’s right to health.
[kick] scatter the population; are against; violate the right to health


Honestly, I don’t really know how we can solve this sort of problem. The government failed to stabilize the rent prices every now and then, so many people have no expectations any more. Building more houses is the only way to lower rental prices, well, they don’t just pop out of an oven like bread ! Yeah, it’s a really difficult problem to solve.
[kick] failed to stabilize; pop out of an oven like bread
 
3-6. <Tell me about your favorite piece of furniture. Why do you like that piece of furniture the most?>  : 돈좀 썼어 spent my fortune on my [bed] . Its worth every penny. 
tv 보기: I like to binge-watch my favorite. , recharge my battery. I’m a homebody (집순이야). I’m such a couch potato -> staycation


You know what, I recently moved to my new house and I spent a lot of my fortune on many pieces of furniture. Let me tell you two among them
[kick] spent a lot of my fortune


The first thing is my couch. Actually, I’m such a couch potato because you know, I feel exhausted every day because of my hard work. So my couch is essential to recharge my battery. I just got a new spacious black couch because the old one was too small for me to become a couch potato!. It is a real happiness to binge-watch TV lying on my new couch! 
[kick] such a couch potato; recharge my battery; binge-watch TV


The next one is my family bed. It is really worth every penny. You know what, my two sons often wake up at midnight and climb up the bed and lie down between my wife and me. It’s so uncomfortable. They kick my body every second! Well, It is common for me to stay up all night. So my wife and I decided to get a spacious family bed of which the size is a double king. I hope to have a peaceful midnight from now on.  
[kick] worth every penny; kick my body every second; stay up all night


Eva, are you a homebody? Which furniture do you like most?
[kick] are you a homebody?


3-7. <Tell me about the newest piece of furniture in your room. Compared to the past, what furniture is in your room, and how are they different?> 


Actually, my room had a complete make-over when my house was renovated last month. Let me tell you about a few pieces in detail. 
[kick] a complete make-over


Okay, I’d say the closet has gone through the most transformation of all. I used to have a normal wooden closet before. But it was taking up too much space and I asked for a built-in closet to create more room. After getting rid of my old closet, my room appears to be so much more spacious and open with my new white closet.
[kick] gone through the most transformation; taking up too much space; create more room


As I told you earlier, my brand-new bed has been a positive change. The size same as a double king gives me a comfortable and spacious feeling. I have carefully chosen the wooden frame so it matches the style of other furniture. The height of the bed is low enough for my kids not to get hurt even if they fall down. 
[kick] matches the style of other furniture; low enough for; even if they fall down


Yes, my new closet and bed really influences the entire atmosphere of the space because they are the largest piece of furniture. Overall, I love my bright new room so much, I just wanna stay home all day! 
[kick] influences the entire atmosphere; stay home all day


3-8. <Do you have any memorable experiences with your family? If so, what was it? Please tell me everything from the beginning to te end in detail> 


Oh Sure. My family has a special tradition of celebrating at the end of every year. You know what?  My first son’s birthday is exactly December 31st! So we tend to hold an intimate party at home, celebrating the birthday, end of year, and Christmas all at once! 
[kick] a special tradition; an intimate party; all at once


On the day before his birthday, my wife and I did our own part. My wife carefully chose a birthday cake for the party, keep replaying his appetite. She made sure to get a chocolate cake with some dinosaur or robot figures on top! Absolutely no vanilla! In the mean time, I went out to “Toys Kingdom” to get my son’s favorite toy. His favorite is a transforming robot, which can switch from a dinosaur into a robot. My wife and I communicated with each other in real time to share our whereabouts.
After finishing shopping, our family gathered all together at home.
[kick] did our own part; absolutely no vanilla; in real time


I lit up the candles on the cake, we all sang for my first son. He really enjoyed the moment blowing out the candle. When I gave him the gift I prepared, his face lit up and he clapped like a `seal.
[kick] blowing out the candle; his face lit up; clapped like a seal


Throwing a party is always good fun, don’t you think eva?
[kick] always good fun



3-9. <I'm going to give you a situation and ask you to act it out. You want to buy new furniture. Make a call to the shop and ask a few questions about the furniture that you want to buy.>


Hello, is this Hansamm Furniture Company? I'm calling to ask some questions about your chair. I saw your flyer by chance yesterday and I'm interested in buying a model X20.
[kick] saw your flyer by chance; interested in buying

I saw the black one on your flyer, but what colors are available? I'm looking for white one that fits the overall mood of my room. Do you have any of those in stock? Good! Yes.
[kick] what colors are available; fits the overall mood; in stock

By the way, how much is it? 500 dollars? Wow, that's such a hefty price. The price is too steep, so I don't think I can afford it. Well, I think you should offer a discount. You know, I'm holding a VISA infinity card, do you have any partnership offers?
[kick] such a hefty price; offer a discount; VISA infinity card

That's all I wanted to ask. Thanks for your time. I'll stop by your store tomorrow. See you then!
[kick] stop by your store tomorrow; see you then



3-10. <I am sorry but there's a problem that you have to solve. You bought the furniture and it was delivered to your place this morning. But the one that got delivered to your house is different from the one that you ordered. Make a call to the store and explain the situation. Give several options about this issue.>


Hello, this is Jungmin. I'm calling you because I think there is some mistake on your delivery.
[kick] some mistake on your delivery; model number is X20

I ordered a white chair from your store and the model number is X20. I asked for the chair to be delivered to my home and I've just received it right now. Unfortunately, there is a problem with your delivery. I'm afraid you've sent the wrong color. I definitely asked for the white one, but I think you sent the black one by mistake. I was really looking forward to receiving it today, since there are some guests coming over to my house. It's very disappointing that this has happened! It's gonna spoil my plans today!
[kick] sent the wrong color; guests coming over; spoil my plans

So, let me give you my suggestion. Could you please bring me the chair in the right color that I ordered until this afternoon? If you can't make it, I'll have to ask for a refund and order from another branch. Please call me back at 123-123, and fill me in on how you'd like to proceed.
[kick] bring me the chair by this afternoon; ask for a refund



3-11. <I'll give you a situation and ask you to act it out. You are going to have a party at your home. Make a call to your family and explain the situation and ask a few questions about having the party>


Hey honey, it's me. You know, my friend Janghoon got selected as a visiting scholar in his company, so he's gonna go to America with his wife at the end of this year. So, I'm planning on throwing a party, and that's why I'm calling you. Do you mind if I host a farewell dinner party for them? No? Great. Thank you for your understanding.
[kick] visiting scholar; go to America; host a farewell dinner party

I think that Saturday night around 6 o'clock would be perfect. You know, we have our vast garden in the backyard, so I'm gonna throw a barbeque party there. They'll definitely miss Korean food once they move to US, so I want to treat them with Korean BBQ. It won't take too much preparation, right? I think just getting the meat, marinade, and some rice would be enough.
[kick] Saturday night around 6; throw a barbeque party; treat them with Korean BBQ

All right, then I'll call them to confirm the details of the party. See you soon, Love you!
[kick] call them to confirm the details



3-12. <I'm sorry, but there is a problem that you have to solve. One of your family members got sick so you can't have the party at your house anymore. Make a call to your friend and explain this situation and talk through several solutions to this problem>


Hey bro, this is Jungmin. I'm calling to update you on the farewell party we were planning. You know, the flu is really going around these days, so my son came down with the flu. I'm sorry to say that we should throw a party somewhere else.
[kick] the flu is really going around; came down with the flu

So here are my suggestions. First, I'm thinking about reserving a private room at a Japanese restaurant nearby. They serve great food and the price is reasonable too. And you love Japanese cuisine right? I think we can have an intimate party there.
[kick] reserving a private room; Japanese restaurant nearby; love Japanese cuisine

Or, maybe we can change the date we were supposed to meet. You know, it takes around a week to overcome the flu, so why don't we postpone our party a week? If it is okay with you, we don't need to change anything else, just the date.
[kick] postpone our party a week; overcome the flu

Think about it and give me a call back. In the meantime, I'll call the restaurant to see if there is a room available. Talk you soon!
[kick] give me a call back; call the restaurant