5-1. <Tell me about your English Academy. Where is it located and how are their conditions ? Why are you taking a course there? Please tell me everything about your English Academy in as much detail as possible> 


Okay, I take an English speaking course at “Hackers academy”, which’s located in the heart of Gangnam where everyone all over the world knows. It has recently moved to a newly built building, so facilities are clean and new. Also, each classroom is well equipped with the latest technology to maximize students’ potential. There are several study rooms that are spacious enough for seven students. 
[kick] in the heart of Gangnam; well equipped with the latest technology; spacious enough for seven students


You know, English proficiency is a basic and essential skill in modern society. Whenever I attend an international conference, I feel a bit nervous about having casual conversations with people from other countries, which really limits my opportunities to expand my knowledge and experiences. To break it through, I enrolled for my free-talking English course. 
[kick] a basic and essential skill; limits my opportunities; to break it through


Eva, if you have any friends who are interested in taking an English course, just give them my number. I can refer them to my academy. 
[kick] refer them to


5-2. <Tell me about the curriculum of your English class. How’s your class? Please tell me everything in as much detail as possible> 


The curriculum of my class? Well, I can tell you about my class I took last month. 


First of all, my classes are two-hours long with ten-minute breaks. Well, It’s quite tough. What’s worse, Everyday morning, we have a mini test to check whether we did our homework well or not. That’s when we all get nervous because we have to face our true level of proficiency. Well, all the students get exhausted after the test, but without any breaktime, unfortunately, we get into the main curriculum. The teacher gives us today’s topics with a brief overview of the day. The range of topics is incredibly vast from my daily routine to my music appetite, making it nearly impossible to prepare for everything. So it is always important to raise our fundamental English skills by learning vocabularies, expressions, and good examples! My favorite part of the class is speaking with my classmate. I think I benefit most from this portion of the class. 
[kick] face our true level of proficiency; incredibly vast; nearly impossible to prepare for everything


It was a very challenging class at the first time, but not so far I could get accustomed to it. My confidence improved week by week. I’m sure I can reach my goal. Cross fingers for me Eva! 
[kick] get accustomed to it; week by week; cross fingers for me


5-3. <Please describe your instructor. How does he or she teach? Do you like his or her teaching Style? What does he or she look like? What was your fist impression of him or her? Please tell me about your instructor> 


Sure, I can tell you about my most recent instructor, Sarah. I am really pleased with her and her teaching methods. 
[kick] really pleased with


Let me tell you more about her. Her name is Sarah and she appears to be in her mid-30’s. To be honest, she appeared a little strict when I first met her, but as time went by, I realized that she is a friendly and warm person. Well, Don’t get me wrong. But When she teaches classes, she becomes a professional teacher with a positive attitude that encourages the students. What I like most about her is that she manages to maintain a balance between professionalism and human kindness. 
[kick] appeared a little strict; don't get me wrong; professionalism and human kindness


I don’t think her teaching method is particularly different from others, but she’s very dedicated to giving constructive feedback to her students. She leaves a clear yet detailed comment in each piece of writing, which helps me get a better grasp of a good essay.
[kick] dedicated to; a clear yet detailed comment; get a better grasp of


 In the beginning of this course, I had no idea how to improve my English speaking proficiency. But thanks to her, now I can say that I’ve improved a lot over the past few weeks. 
[kick] I had no idea how to; thanks to her; improved a lot


5-4. <How did you find out your English School? And how can you get there from your place?> 


How I found out my academy? ok, let me tell you my secret
[kick] let me tell you my secret


Well, when I told my mom about my concern regarding my English proficiency, my mom recommended this academy, where her friend’s son got a high score after taking the course. Since my mom’s recommendations have always been spot-on, I decided to sign up for the course. 
[kick] have always been spot-on; sign up for


Furthermore, I really liked the location. It is in the heart of Gangnam where everyone in the world knows!. There are many ways to get there, like bus or subway, but for me, taking either subway number 2 or 9 is the fastest way for me to get there.
[kick] in the heart of Gangnam; the fastest way


Once you come out from the Gangnam station, you will see the outstanding orange-color building with a digital clock. That’s my academy. 
[kick] the outstanding orange-color building


Well, Eva, If you need any help to find my academy, call me anytime. I can give you clear directions on how to get there.
[kick] clear directions on how to get there



5-5. <I am sorry there is a problem that you have to resolve. You cannot attend your class tomorrow. Make a call to your English instructor and explain the situation and ask several questions about tomorrow's lecture and homework.>


Hello, Sarah, this is Jungmin. I'm calling you to tell you about my accident. Yesterday, I got a fender bender. Oh no worries, I didn't get hurt a lot, but I was a bit shocked. My condition is not that good so I don't think I can attend tomorrow's class.
[kick] got a fender bender; a bit shocked; can't attend tomorrow's class


As far as remember, you are gonna cover a very important part in the next class. I really don't want to miss it, so if you tell me the contents, I'll cover it by myself.
[kick] a very important part; tell me the contents; cover it by myself


Oh, I almost forgot. I know I have to submit the project by tomorrow, don't worry, I'll definitely send it to you via e-mail. Sorry for making you worried and thank you for taking your time. Have a great day. See you next time. Bye~
[kick] submit the project by tomorrow; send it to you via e-mail



5-6. <Unfortunately, you are lost on your way to the academy on the first day. You can't find the right building where your class is being held. Make a call to your English academy to explain the situation and ask for directions>


Hello, is this Hackers Academy? This is Jungmin and I registered for a test prep course at your academy. I'm trying to get to the main building but I think I lost my way since it's my first day. Can you please help me get there?
[kick] registered for a test prep course; lost my way; my first day

Okay, I've just come out of Gangnam Station exit number 2, and I've been looking around for the main orange building, but I couldn't find it yet. Well, I can't find even a single sign pointing the way. It says that the building should be right in front of here, Hmm.
[kick] Gangnam Station exit number 2; main orange building; couldn't find even a single sign


What? You moved to the other building? Oh my goodness, I didn't know that. Then how can I find it? Okay, find the exit number 3,, I got it, and find the golden cinema, hmm I'm with you so far, oh man, now I got the building!
[kick] moved to the other building; find the exit number 3; the golden cinema


Thank you for your help. I think I'm not late yet. See you!
[kick] not late yet; thank you for your help



5-7. <I'm going to give you a situation and ask you to act it out. You took the first class, but the class is not what you expected. Go to the instructor to explain your situation and ask for a solution about this matter>


Hello, Sarah. You know, I'm taking your first class, and I really like your class. But it's too advanced for me to follow, so I always need to ask someone for help to catch up your class.
[kick] too advanced to follow; always need to ask someone for help

Could you please slow down your lecture a bit? You speak too fast, so I can't follow your speed. I feel like I'm falling behind whenever I miss your words.
[kick] slow down your lecture; speak too fast; falling behind

And Sarah, could you please upload your materials before your class begins? You know, I'm a slow learner so it would be grateful if you could provide me with time to preview. After the class, I'll definitely review your class using the uploaded materials.
[kick] upload your materials before your class; a slow learner; time to preview

Please consider my suggestions and let me know your thoughts. Thank you for taking the time to listen to my complaints and I hope I can continue to take your class with more confidence. Bye!
[kick] consider my suggestions; continue to take your class with more confidence



5-8. <I would like to give you a situation and ask you to act it out. Imagine you want to take an English lesson. Make a call to the English school and ask three or four questions about the class>


Hello, is this Hackers academy? My name is Jungmin and I'd like to ask some questions before I enroll in a test prep course. Yes, it's my first time registering for a class in Hackers.
[kick] first time registering; ask some questions before I enroll

You know, I'm interested in Sarah's class, as a friend of mine highly recommended her class. My friend said she is a professional teacher but with a positive attitude that encourages her students. Could you please tell me her class timetable? Well, I prefer taking the class on Saturday.
[kick] highly recommended her class; class timetable; prefer Saturday


What? Is there a placement interview? Oh well, I'm too nervous to know that there is a level test. Okay anyway, lastly, may I ask the price? I'm just wondering how much I'll have to pay each month. Three hundred dollars? Wow, that's such a steep price. But I believe her class will be worth it. Well, I hope there will be some discount though.
[kick] a level test; may I ask the price; such a steep price


Oh good! Discount on students! Let me show you my student ID card when I visit for enrollment. Thank you for your help. Bye!
[kick] discount on students; show you my student ID card



5-9. <I'm sorry, but there is a problem that you have to solve. The class that you want to take is already full. Make a call to your English instructor and explain why you have to take this specific course and give several solutions to take the course>


Hello Sarah, it's Jungmin. I'm calling you talk to you about a problem that I could really use your help on. I was planning to take your test prep course starting from May, but I was just informed that the class is already full. If I cannot attend this course, I have to wait until June, and I can't wait that long because, you know, the hiring season starts soon. I'm desperate to get my target score by the end of this month. So could you please listen to my suggestions and tell me if you can resolve those or not?
[kick] already informed the class is full; can't wait that long; hiring season starts soon

First, could you tell the academy to give me an extra seat? One of the receptionists told me it's possible as soon as you're okay with it.
[kick] give me an extra seat; one of the receptionists told me it's possible


Or, you know, your class is always packed with students and there are still many students who want to take your class outside. So I'm wondering if you have a plan to open an additional class.
[kick] always packed with students; a plan to open an additional class

Sarah, please consider my suggestions and get back to me. I'd be much appreciated if you'd take me in this month. Thank you. Bye!
[kick] consider my suggestions; get back to me