무직시 
1 웍플레이스 - 사무실 묘사 . 건물에서 타고 들어가는것 처럼 해도 됨. 
<Describe your office in detail. What does it look like? What kind of furniture and equipment are there?> 


All right, my work place. Follow me, let me guide you to my workplace. 
[kick] let me guide you to


Eva, do you see that massive building with those three towers? The building is named DSR, and my workplace is located in Tower A. When you walk in through the rotating door, you can see Starbucks on the left and the Samsung mobile store on the right. Oh, my workplace is in the security area, so we have to go through the security gate.
[kick] massive building with three towers; the rotating door; go through the security gate


After passing the gate, you can find the testing lab on the sixth floor where various equipment is running 24/7. I often visit the lab to figure out a potential defect that may exist on my device. Well, the testers are fully automatic and connected to my company’s intranet, so I can control or monitor all the processes at my seat. Let’s go to the 17th floor. My seat is are there.
[kick] running 24/7; a potential defect; monitor all the processes at my seat


The 17th floor is my office. I belong to a design team where hundreds of employees are working. Well, there aren’t any particular specials on my seat, it just looks like a normal office. I have my notebook connected to my dual monitors, the wireless keyboard and the wireless mouse on the desk mat. 
[kick] I belong to a design team; aren't any particular specials; on the desk mat


That’s it, Eva. 


2 웍플레이스 변화 - 온라인 컨퍼런스. 교육받는거도 온라인. 꼭 relaxing area가 있다고 하자. 간식 & 쉬는공간 : 치과 및 헤어샵 묘사에 쓸수 있어서. (in the corner of dental clinic.. ) 
<Think about the office you work in now and offices in the past. What's different about the environment, the equipment, and the atmosphere? >


Well, regarding the changes of my workplace, definitely, COVID-19 was the tipping point. 
[kick] the tipping point


You know, during COVID-19, every kind of offline gathering was prohibited and changed to online. My company also went through the paradigm shift, so we had an online meeting, online teaching, an onlline conference, and even an online company dinner! Well, there was a positive side for sure, for example we could freely exit meetings without feeling self-conscious and we could attend international conferences remotely from Korea. But I felt a bit stuffy at that time, because I couldn’t talk with other people freely and I had to always wear my dental mask all day long. 
[kick] went through the paradigm shift; without feeling self-conscious; felt a bit stuffy


After the pandemic subsided, our relaxing area reopened with a full renovation. I was so glad to use the canteen room again,as stopping by the coffee machine was a staple of my morning routine. You know what? Actually, the canteen is fully equipped with fun stuff, including a dartboard, a Playstation room, folding beds, and even some massage chairs in the corner. 
[kick] the pandemic subsided; a staple of my morning routine; fully equipped with fun stuff


Well Eva, though I had a tough time during COVID-19, I really appreciated the upgraded canteen room anyway. 
[kick] I really appreciated




3 펄스트잡 - 첫직장이 삼성전자였잖아 이렇게 얘기해도 됨. fist job inspire, 엔지니어가 된 계기, 삼성 입사한 이유 등등 .. 많이 커서 나왔다. (다녔다가 지금 무직인 것 가정인거임) 


<Tell me about your first job. What kind of company was it and what did you do there? >


Well, my first job. That question takes me back to high school, when I first had to decide which college and department to pursue. At that time, I was at a crossroads between medical school and electrical engineering. But in fact, my father was an electrical engineer so he nudged me toward pursuing a career in engineering.
[kick] takes me back to; at a crossroads between; nudged me toward


So I got into Seoul National University and I continued my studies and obtained my Ph.D. at the same school. As I received a Samsung scholarship during my Ph.D. course, well it was natural to join Samsung after my graduation.
[kick] obtained my Ph.D.; it was natural to


When I was a graduate student, I was a lot curious about the life of an engineer in a big company. Because I heard from someone that engineers in a big company are treated as just another cog in the machine. However, after going through it myself, I came to realize that the place was a field to draw a future of both the company and me. I really enjoyed my role as a technical leader, collaborating with a brillant team to develop cutting-edge devices.
[kick] just another cog in the machine; after going through it myself; a field to draw a future


I really grew a lot with the company. That’s it Eva!
[kick] as a technical leader; cutting-edge devices; grew a lot with