8-1. <Can you tell me about your favorite park ? Why do you like to go there rather than other places? And how often do you go there?> 


There is a park that I usually go to. It is called “Han-river Park” having both a beautiful river and plenty of greenery. And the location is perfect, I can go there within ten minutes by foot. 


Let me explain more about the park to you, Eva. Either morning or night, Han-river park has its beautiful landscape with lots of attractions. You know, in the morning, simply being out in the open air makes it special for me. Jogging along the riverside helps me clear my mind and relieve stress. It really cheers me up when I feel blue. Well, I also like to take a slow walk on vast, green lawns, which helps me unwind. Actually, I appreciate the landscape of the park more at night. You know what? At night, a variety of food trucks line up at the riverside where  you can see tons of people hanging out, enjoying food and drinks in such an electric atmosphere. The rainbow-colored fountain show is a grand finale of the night. 


Well, I try to hit the park at least once a week despite my hectic schedule. You know, my schedule is insane. I come back home at ten PM, so I literally have no time on weekdays. So I usually go to the park on weekends with my family. Well, I do han river aprk, but I also love the way to the river park from my home, as the path is also a park that follows Seongnae Stream with beautiful trees and blooming flowers. We can see many elderly people because there is “Asan Hospital” nearby. I’m sure that taking a stroll along this beautiful path would really help them recover much faster. After a ten minute-walk, I can arrive at “Han-river Park” , which has a beautiful landscape with lots of attractions. Jogging along the riverside helps me clear my mind and relieve stress. It really cheers me up when I feel blue. Well, I also like to take a slow walk on vast, green lawns, which really makes me unwind. 


That’s it Eva! 


8-2. <Let’s talk about issues that today’s parks are faced with. What are the largest challenges faced by public parks these days? Discuss what has caused these concerns.>


Well, this is a definitely tough question for me to answer. Let me think about it second. 


I think some people leave their trash after enjoying their time. I am pretty sure that you've seen tons of garbage at parks. You know, I went to Hanriver Park last week to hit the food trucks. But I couldn’t believe my eyes because the park was covered with trash! People there littered a lot after having their snacks and drinks. It was not common sense at all. 


What’s worse, drinking booze was also a big problem. Yes, I also like drinking beers at the park. However, the sight of beer bottles littering around all over the ground was definitely an eye sore. They should have disposed of their bottles in the trash bins, if they were responsible citizens, especially in public spaces. It was so ugly behavior and such a shameful act for the children. 


Wow, still we have a long way to become an advanced country. The government should enforce the education of etiquette and moral things rather than just focusing on English, Math, and science. Eva, how do you think,?


8-3 <14. Compare the activities that children do at the park as opposed to what the adults do while at parks. Tell me about the many facilities at park that are intended to accommodate both children and adults like.> 


Okay, Eva, I think I can answer this question well because I often visit my favorite park with my two little boys.It's fascinating how people of different ages spend time at the park in their own unique ways. Well, special facilities are not needed at all, the vast open lawns are just enough to accommodate both children and adults. 


First off, if you look at the kids, they are essentially bundles of energy. They’re usually full of energy, running around, playing tag, or climbing all over the trees. With only vast, open lawns, they basically make the whole place into their playground. Butterflies sitting on flowers, cicadas buzzing in trees, and praying mantises lurking for their prey, they all are their little friends. Everywhere is their playground, everything is their friend. 


In contrast, adults generally go there to unwind. For many of us, it’s about finding a moment of peace. Well, adults tend to be as lazy as they can, they blow out their stress away by sprawling out on the grass. My wife and I love to be laid-back while watching the sunset. Those moments are a great opportunity for us to clear our mind and relieve our stress. 


All in all, it’s wonderful to see how people of all ages gather together and enjoy their own way in the beautiful park.